Update tec-codes.md (#3078)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/transactions/transaction-results/tec-codes.md

html: tec-codes.html
parent: transaction-results.html
seo:

>     description: tec codes indicate that the transaction did not succeed, but it deducted the transaction cost and it was applied to a ledger.

Reviewer: As long as we're here, we may as well clean up the mixed singular/plural here:

```suggestion
    description: A tec result code indicates that the transaction did not succeed, but it deducted the transaction cost and it was applied to a ledger.
```

labels:
  - Transaction Sending
---
# tec Codes
[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/master/src/ripple/protocol/impl/TER.cpp "Source")

> These codes indicate that the transaction did not succeed, but it was applied to a ledger to apply the [transaction cost](../../../../concepts/transactions/transaction-cost.md) and may have had other side effects to the ledger. The `tec` codes have numerical values in the range 100 to 199. It is recommended to use the text code, not the numeric value.

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to state this here _and_ in the following paragraph.

Author: So, what change would you like made here?

> Transactions with `tec` codes destroy the XRP paid as a [transaction cost](../../../../concepts/transactions/transaction-cost.md), and consume a [sequence number](../../data-types/basic-data-types.md#account-sequence). Although the transactions did not succeed, they sometimes have some other effect. For example, a transaction that results in `tecOVERSIZE` still cleans up some [unfunded offers](../../../../concepts/tokens/decentralized-exchange/offers.md#lifecycle-of-an-offer). Always look at the [transaction metadata](../metadata.md) to see precisely what a transaction did.

Reviewer: This feels like it might be too much in the other direction—not making it clear that the default expectation for a `tec` code is to make minimal, bookkeeping changes only.

```suggestion
A transaction that fails with a `tec` code destroys the XRP paid as a [transaction cost](../../../../concepts/transactions/transaction-cost.md) and consumes a [sequence number](../../data-types/basic-data-types.md#account-sequence). Although the transaction did not succeed, it may also cause some bookkeeping or cleanup work to be done. For example, a transaction that results in `tecOVERSIZE` still removes some [unfunded offers](../../../../concepts/tokens/decentralized-exchange/offers.md#lifecycle-of-an-offer). Always look at the [transaction metadata](../metadata.md) to see precisely what a transaction did.
```

> {% admonition type="warning" name="Caution" %}A transaction that provisionally failed with a `tec` code may still succeed or fail with a different code after being reapplied. The result is final when it appears in a fully validated ledger version. For more information, see [Finality of Results](../../../../concepts/transactions/finality-of-results/index.md) and [Reliable Transaction Submission](../../../../concepts/transactions/reliable-transaction-submission.md).{% /admonition %}

Reviewer: We are trying not to create confusion between "validated" and "fully validated" in the docs. They are the same. (However, one server issuing a validation vote for a ledger does not make it validated.)

> {% admonition type="warning" name="Caution" %}A transaction that provisionally failed with a `tec` code may still succeed or fail with a different code after being reapplied. The result is final when it appears in a fully validated ledger version. For more information, see [Finality of Results](../../../../concepts/transactions/finality-of-results/index.md) and [Reliable Transaction Submission](../../../../concepts/transactions/reliable-transaction-submission.md).{% /admonition %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% admonition type="warning" name="Caution" %}A transaction that provisionally failed with a `tec` code may still succeed or fail with a different code after being reapplied. The result is final when it appears in a validated ledger version. For more information, see [Finality of Results](../../../../concepts/transactions/finality-of-results/index.md) and [Reliable Transaction Submission](../../../../concepts/transactions/reliable-transaction-submission.md).{% /admonition %}
```
